feat(web): submit props (#600)
software-mansion/react-native-enriched: docs/WEB.md

- Mentions
- `getHTML`, `setValue`, selection mapping
- Core callbacks: `onChange`, `onChangeState`, `onFocus`, `onBlur`, `onSelectionChange`

> - Submit props: `submitBehavior` and `onSubmitEditing`. `returnKeyType` is only a hint, it maps to [enterkeyhint](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/enterkeyhint) (`done`, `go`, `next`, `previous`, `search`, `send`, `default`/`enter`) so not all values of `ReturnKeyTypeOptions` are supported, the behavior of this prop is heavily dependent on the browser's implementation of `enterkeyhint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submit props: `submitBehavior` and `onSubmitEditing`. `returnKeyType` is only a hint, it maps to [enterkeyhint](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/enterkeyhint) (`done`, `go`, `next`, `previous`, `search`, `send`, `default`/`enter`). Not all values of `ReturnKeyTypeOptions` are supported, the behavior of this prop is heavily dependent on the browser's capabilities.
```
